This project focuses on a dataset obtained from data.gov that lists each accidental death associated with drug overdose in Connecticut from 2012 to 2018. The data are originated from an investigation by the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner which includes the toxicity report, death certificate, as well as a scene investigation. Many different values that have significant importance are derived from the data. For instance, the “Morphine (Not Heroin)” values are related to the differences between how Morphine and Heroin are metabolized and therefore detected in the toxicity results that lead to deaths. Some of the heroin deaths do not indicate whether the morphine is from heroin or prescription morphine in the toxicity results. Therefore, the cause of these deaths may be able to be determined based on the investigation conducted by the medical examiner.
In this project, I used 2 great Python libraries; BeautifulSoup and Requests to scraped data.gov by importing them as the first step to collect a dataset named Accidental Drug Related Deaths 2012-2018 then formatted it into Comma Separated Values (CSV). I must admit that formatting the data into CVS was very challenging. 
Second, I performed 2 Data Transformation/Clean-up Steps. In the first transformation/clean-up step, I dropped the rows that don't have a value for variables race and sex, and I dropped the rows that don’t have values for variable sex by itself in the second one.
Web scraping is an important process, it allows Data Scientists to collect the most accurate datasets since administrators often make changes in their database. Also, it helps speed up the data collection process. Thus, wed scraping seems to be a technique that Data Scientists would use quite often to collect data. They can quickly pull a dataset with a few lines of code instead of downloading it to their machine, which can take up a lot of space and slow it down.
